---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "mssqlpermissions_user Data Source - terraform-provider-mssqlpermissions"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  User data source.
---

# mssqlpermissions_user (Data Source)

User data source.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "mssqlpermissions_user" "example" {
  config = {
    server_fqdn   = "mssql-fixture"
    server_port   = 1433
    database_name = "ApplicationDB"

    sql_login = {
      username = "sa"
      password = "P@ssw0rd"
    }
  }

  name = "my-second-tf-user"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `config` (Attributes) The database connection configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config))
- `default_language` (String) The user default language.
- `default_schema` (String) The user default schema.
- `name` (String) The user name.
- `object_id` (String) The user object id.
- `principal_id` (Number) The user principal id.

### Read-Only

- `contained` (Boolean) Is the user contained.
- `external` (Boolean) Is the user external.
- `login_name` (String) The user login name.
- `sid` (String) The user SID.

<a id="nestedatt--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config`

Required:

- `database_name` (String) The SQL Server database name.
- `server_fqdn` (String) The SQL Server FQDN.

Optional:

- `federated_login` (Attributes) Connect using a Federated Identity (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--federated_login))
- `msi_login` (Attributes) Connect using a Managed Identity. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--msi_login))
- `server_port` (Number) The SQL Server port.
- `spn_login` (Attributes) Connect using a Service Principal Name (SPN). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--spn_login))
- `sql_login` (Attributes) The SQL Server login configuration. Use to connect to the Database using SQL Authentication. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--sql_login))

<a id="nestedatt--config--federated_login"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.federated_login`


<a id="nestedatt--config--msi_login"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.msi_login`

Required:

- `user_identity` (Boolean) Use the user identity.

Optional:

- `resource_id` (String) The resource identity. Required if user_identity is false.
- `user_id` (String) The user identity. Required if user_identity is true.


<a id="nestedatt--config--spn_login"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.spn_login`

Required:

- `client_id` (String) The Azure AD application client ID.
- `client_secret` (String) The Azure AD application client secret.
- `tenant_id` (String) The Azure AD tenant ID.


<a id="nestedatt--config--sql_login"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.sql_login`

Required:

- `password` (String) The SQL Server login password.
- `username` (String) The SQL Server login username.
